 A Puma at large 
           逃遁的美洲狮

Listen to the tape then answer the question below.
听录音，然后回答以下问题。
Where must the puma have come from?

    Pumas are large, cat-like animals which are found in America. When reports came into London Zoo that a wild puma had been spotted forty-five miles south of London, they were not taken seriously. However, as the evidence began to accumulate, experts from the Zoo felt obliged to investigate, for the descriptions given by people who claimed to have seen the puma were extraordinarily similar.
    The hunt for the puma began in a small village where a woman picking blackberries saw 'a large cat' only five yards away from her. It immediately ran away when she saw it, and experts confirmed that a puma will not attack a human being unless it is cornered. The search proved difficult, for the puma was often observed at one place in the morning and at another place twenty miles away in the evening. Wherever it went, it left behind it a trail of dead deer and small animals like rabbits. Paw prints were seen in a number of places and puma fur was found clinging to bushes. Several people complained of "cat-like noises' at night and a businessman on a fishing trip saw the puma up a tree. The experts were now fully convinced that the animal was a puma, but where had it come from? As no pumas had been reported missing from any zoo in the country, this one must have been in the possession of a private collector and somehow managed to escape. The hunt went on for several weeks, but the puma was not caught. It is disturbing to think that a dangerous wild animal is still at large in the quiet countryside.

New words and expressions 生词和短语
 
     puma
n.   美洲狮

     spot
v.   看出，发现

     evidence
n.   证据

     accumulate
v.   积累，积聚

     oblige
v.   使……感到必须

     hunt
n.   追猎；寻找

     blackberry
n.   黑莓

     human being
     人类

     corner
v.   使走投无路，使陷入困境

     trail
n.   一串，一系列

     print
n.   印痕

     cling
v.   粘

     convince
v.   使……信服

     somehow
adv. 不知怎么搞地，不知什么原因

     disturb
v.   令人不安
Lesson 2 Thirteen equals one 十三等于一

Listen to the tape then answer the question below.
听录音，然后回答以下问题。
Was the vicar pleased that the clock was striking? Why?

    Our vicar is always raising money for one cause or another, but he has never managed to get enough money to have the church clock repaired. The big clock which used to strike the hours day and night was damaged many years ago and has been silent ever since.
    One night, however, our vicar woke up with a start: the clock was striking the hours! Looking at his watch, he saw that it was one o'clock, but the bell struck thirteen times before it stopped. Armed with a torch, the vicar went up into the clock tower to see what was going on. In the torchlight, he caught sight of a figure whom he immediately recognized as Bill Wilkins, our local grocer.
    'Whatever are you doing up here Bill?' asked the vicar in surprise. 
    'I'm trying to repair the bell,' answered Bill. 'I've been coming up here night after night for weeks now. You see, I was hoping to give you a surprise.'
    'You certainly did give me a surprise!' said the vicar. 'You've probably woken up everyone in the village as well. Still, I'm glad the bell is working again.'
    That's the trouble, vicar,' answered Bill. 'It's working all right, but I'm afraid that at one o'clock it will strike thirteen times and there's nothing I can do about it."
    We'll get used to that, Bill,' said the vicar. "Thirteen is not as good as one, but it's better than nothing. Now let's go downstairs and have a cup of tea.' 

New words and expressions 生词和短语

     equal 
v.   等于

     vicar
n.   牧师

     raise
v.   募集，筹（款）

     torchlight
n.   电筒光
Lesson 3:An unknown goddess 无名女神

Listen to the tape then answer the question below.
听录音，然后回答以下问题。
How did the archaeologists know that the statue was a goddess?

    Some time ago, an interesting discovery was made by archaeologists on the Aegean island of Kea. An American team explored a temple which stands in an ancient city on the promontory of Ayia Irini. The city at one time must have been prosperous, for it enjoyed a high level of civilization. Houses -- often three storeys high -- were built of stone. They had large rooms with beautifully decorated walls. The city was equipped with a drainage system, for a great many clay pipes were found beneath the narrow streets.
    The temple which the archaeologists explored was used as a place of worship from the fifteenth century B.C. until Roman times. In the most sacred room of temple, clay fragments of fifteen statues were found. Each of these represented a goddess and had, at one time, been painted. The body of one statue was found among remains dating from the fifteenth century B.C. It's missing head happened to be among remains of the fifth century B.C. This head must have been found in Classical times and carefully preserved. It was very old and precious even then. When the archaeologists reconstructed the fragments, they were amazed to find that the goddess turned out to be a very modern-looking woman. She stood three feet high and her hands rested on her hips. She was wearing a full-length skirt which swept the ground. Despite her great age, she was very graceful indeed, but, so far, the archaeologists have been unable to discover her identity.

New words and expressions 生词和短语

     goddess(tile)
n.   女神

     archaeologist
n.   考古学家

     Aegean
adj. 爱玲海的

     explore
v.   考察，勘探

     promontory
n.   海角

     prosperous
adj. （经济上）繁荣的，昌盛的

     civilization
n.   文明

     storey
n.   楼层

     drainage
n.   排水

     worship
n.   祟拜

     sacred
adj. 宗教的，神圣的

     fragment
n.   碎片

     remains
n.   遗物，遗迹，废墟

     classical
adj. （希腊和罗马）古化的

     reconstruct
v.   修复

     rest
v.   倚放，放置

     hip
n.   屁股，臀部

     full-length
adj. （裙衣）拖地长的

     graceful
adj. 优雅的

     identity
n.   身份
Lesson 4:The double life of Alfred Bloggs
    阿尔弗雷德.布洛格斯的双重生活

Listen to the tape then answer the question below. 
听录音，然后回答以下问题。
Why did Alf want a white-collar job?

    These days, people who do manual work often receive far more money than people who work in offices. People who work in offices are frequently referred to as "white-collar workers' for the simple reason that they usually wear a collar and tie to go to work. Such is human nature, that a great many people are often willing to sacrifice higher pay for the privilege of becoming white-collar workers. This can give rise to curious situations, as it did in the case of Alfred Bloggs who worked as a dustman for the Ellesmere Corporation.
    When he got married, Alf was too embarrassed to say anything to his wife about his job. He simply told her that he worked for the Corporation. Every morning, he left home dressed in a smart black suit. He then changed into overalls and spent the next eight hours as a dustman. Before returning home at night. He took a shower and changed back into his suit. Alf did this for over two years and his fellow dustmen kept his secret Alf's wife has never discovered that she married a dustman and she never will, for Alf has just found another job. He will soon be working in an office. He will be earning only half as much as he used to, but he feels that his rise in status is well worth the loss of money. From now on, he will wear a suit all day and others will call him 'Mr. Bloggs', not 'Alf'.

New words and expressions 生词和短语

     manual
adj. 体力的

    collar
n.  衣领

    sacrifice
v.  牺牲，献出

    privilege
n.  好处

    dustman
n.  清洁工

    corporation
n.  公司

    overalls
n.  工作服

    shower
n.  淋浴

    secret
n.  秘密

    status
n.  地位
Lesson 5: The facts  确切数字

Listen to the tape then answer the question below.
听录音，然后回答以下问题。
What was the consequence of the editor's insistence on facts and statistics?

    Editors of newspapers and magazines often go to extremes to provide their reader with unimportant facts and statistics. Last year a journalist had been instructed by a well-known magazine to write an article on the president's palace in a new African republic. When the article arrived, the editor read the first sentence and then refuse to publish it. The article began: 'Hundreds of steps lead to the high wall which surrounds the president's palace'. The editor at once sent the journalist a fax instructing him find out the exact number of steps and the height of the wall.
    The journalist immediately set out to obtain these important facts, but he took a long time to send them Meanwhile, the editor was getting impatient, for the magazine would soon go to press. He sent the journalist two more faxes, but received no reply. He sent yet another fax informing the journalist that if he did not reply soon he would be fired. When the journalist again failed to reply, the editor reluctantly published the article as it had originally been written. A week later, the editor at last received a fax from the journalist. Not only had the poor man been arrested, but he had been sent to prison as well. However, he had at last been allowed to send a fax in which he informed the editor that the he had been arrested while counting the 1,084 steps leading to the fifteen-foot wall which surrounded the president's palace.

New words and expressions 生词和短语

     editor
n.   编辑

     extreme
n.   极端

     statistics
n.   统计数字

     journalist
n.   新闻记者

     president
n.   总统

     palace
n.   王宫；宏伟的住宅

     publish
v.   出版

     fax
n.   传真

     impatient
adj. 不耐烦的

     fire
v.   解雇

     originally
adv. 起初，原先，从前
Lesson 6:Smash-and-grab
            砸橱窗抢劫
          
Listen to the tape then answer the question below.
听录音，然后回答以下问题。
How did Mr. Taylor try to stop the thieves?

    The expensive shops in a famous near Piccadilly were just "opening. At this time of the morning, the arcade was almost empty. Mr. Taylor, the owner of a jewellery shop was admiring a new display. Two of his assistants had been working busily since eight o'clock and had only just finished. Diamond necklaces and rings had been beautifully arranged on a background of black velvet. After gazing at the display for several minutes, Mr. Taylor went back into his shop.
    The silence was suddenly broken when a large car, with its headlights on and its horn blaring, roared down the arcade. It came to a stop outside the jeweller's. One man stayed at the wheel while two others with black stocking over their faces jumped out and smashed the window of the shop with iron bars. While this was going on, Mr. Taylor was upstairs. He and his staff began throwing furniture out of the window. Chairs and tables went flying into the arcade. One of the thieves was struck by a heavy statue, but he was too busy helping himself to diamonds to notice any pain. The raid was all over in three minutes, for the men scrambled back into the car and it moved off at a fantastic speed. Just as it was leaving, Mr. Taylor rushed out and ran after it throwing ashtrays and vases, but it was impossible to stop the thieves. They had got away with thousands of pounds worth of diamonds.

New words and expressions 生词和短语

     smash-and-grab
n.   砸橱窗抢劫

     arcade
n.   有拱廊的街道（两旁常设商店）

     Piccadilly
n.   皮卡迪利大街

     jewellery

n.   珠宝（总称）

     necklace
n.   项链

     ring 
n.   戒指

     background
n.   背景

     velvet
n.   天鹅绒，丝绒

     headlight
n.   （汽车等）前灯

     blare
v.   发嘟嗜声，吼叫

     staff
n.   全体工作人员

     raid
n.   偷袭

     scramble
n.   偷袭

     scramble
v.   爬行

     fantastic
adj. 非常大的

     ashtray
n.   烟灰缸
Lesson 7
           Mutilated ladies
             残钞鉴别组
          
Listen to the tape then answer the question below.
听录音，然后回答以下问题。
Why did Jane cook John's wallet?

    Has it ever happened to you? Have you ever put your trousers in the washing machine and then remembered there was a large bank note in your back pocket? When you rescued your trousers, did note in your back pocket? When you rescued your trousers, did you find the note was whiter than white? People who live in Britain needn't despair when they made mistakes like this (and a lot of people do)! Fortunately for them, the Bank of England has a team called Mutilated Ladies which deals with claims from people who fed their money to a machine or to their dog. Dogs, it seems, love to chew up money!
    A recent case concerns Jane Butlin whose fiancé, John, runs a successful furniture business. John had very good day and put his wallet containing $3,000 into the microwave oven for safekeeping. Then he and Jane went horse-riding. When they got home, Jane cooked their dinner in the microwave oven and without realizing it, cooked her fiancé's wallet as well. Imagine their dismay when they found a beautifully-cooked wallet and notes turned to ash! John went to see his bank manager who sent the remains of wallet and the money to the special department of the Bank of England in Newcastle: the Mutilate Ladies! They examined the remain and John got all his money back. 'So long as there's something to identify, we will give people their money back,' said a spokeswoman for the Bank. 'Last year, we paid $1.5m on 21,000 claims. Damaged bank notes. The Queen's head appears on English bank notes, and 'lady' refers to this.

New words and expressions 生词和短语

     mutilate
v.   使残缺不全

     chew 
v.   咀嚼

     microwave
n.   微波，微波炉

     oven
n.   炉灶

     safekeeping
n.   妥善保管 

     Newcastle
n.   纽卡斯尔（英国港市）

     identify
v.   鉴定，识别

     spokeswoman
n.   女发言人
Lesson 8: A famous monastery  著名的修道院
          
Listen to the tape then answer the question below.
听录音，然后回答以下问题。
What are the St. Bernard dogs used for?

    The Great St. Bernard Pass connects Switzerland to Italy. At 2,473 metres, it is the highest mountain pass in Europe. The famous monastery of St. Bernard, witch was founded in eleventh century, lies about a mile away. For hundreds of years, St. Bernard dogs have saved the lives of travellers crossing the dangerous Pass. These friendly dogs, which were first brought from Asia, were used as watchdogs even in Roman times. Now that a tunnel ahs been built through the mountains, the Pass is less dangerous, but each year, the dogs are still sent out into the snow whenever a traveller is in difficulty. Despite the new tunnel, there are still a few people who rashly attempt to cross the Pass on foot.
    During the summer months, the monastery is very busy, for it is visited by thousands of people who cross the Pass in cars. As there are so many people about, the dogs have to be kept in a special enclosure. In winter, however, life at the monastery is quite different. The temperature drops to -- 30 o and very few people attempt to cross the Pass. The monks prefer winter to summer of they have more privacy. The dogs have greater freedom, too, for they are allowed to wander outside their enclosure. The only regular visitors to the monastery in winter are parties of skiers who go there at Christmas and Easter. These young people, who love the peace of mountains, always receive a warm welcome at St. Bernard's monastery.

New words and expressions 生词和短语

     monastery
n.   寺院，修道院

     St. Bernard
     圣伯纳德

     pass
n.   关隘

     watchdog
n.   看门狗

     rashly
adj. 莽撞地，冒失地

     enclosure
n.   围场，圈地

     monk
n.   和尚

     privacy
n.   清静，隐居

     skier
n.   滑雪者

     Easter
n.   复活节
    Lesson 9
              Flying cats
                 飞猫
          
Listen to the tape then answer the question below.
听录音，然后回答以下问题。
How do cats try to protect themselves when falling from great heights?

    Cats never fail to fascinate human beings. They can be friendly and affectionate towards humans, but they lead mysterious lives of their own as well. They never become submissive like dogs and horses. As a result, humans have learned to respect feline independence. Most cats remain suspicious of humans all their lives. One of the things that fascinates us most about cats is the popular belief that they have nine lives. Apparently, there is a good deal of truth in this idea. A cat's ability to survive falls is based on fact.
    Recently the New York Animal Medical Center made a study of 132 cats over a period of five months. All these cats had one experience in common: they had fallen off high buildings, yet only eight of them died from shock or injuries. Of course, New York is the ideal place for such an interesting study, because there is no shortage of tall buildings. There are plenty of high-rise windowsills to fall from! One cat, Sabrina, fell 32 storeys, yet only suffered from a broken tooth. 'Cats behave like well-trained paratroopers.' a doctor said. It seems that the further cats fall, the less they are likely to injure themselves. In a long drop, they reach speeds of 60 miles an hour and more. At high speeds, falling cats have time to relax. They stretch out their legs like flying squirrels. This increases their air-resistance and reduces the shock of impact when they hit the ground.

New words and expressions 生词和短语

     fascinate
v.   迷住，吸引住

     affectionate
adj. 充满深情，柔情的

     mysterious
adj. 神秘的，难以理解的

     submissive
adj. 服从的，顺从的

     feline
adj. 猫的

     independence
n.   独立，独立性

     high-rise
adj. 高层的

     windowsill
n.   窗槛

     paratrooper
n.   伞兵

     squirrel
n.   松鼠

     air-resistance
n.   空气阻力

     impact
n.   冲击力

Lesson 10: The loss of the Titanic“泰坦尼克”号的沉没

Listen to the tape then answer the question below.
听录音，然后回答以下问题。
What would have happened if only two of the sixteen water-tight compartments had been flooded?

    The great ship, Titanic, sailed for New York from Southampton on April 10th, 1912. She was carrying 1,316 passengers and crew of 891. Even by modern standards, the 46,000 ton Titanic was a colossal ship. At the time, however, she was not only the largest ship that had ever been built, but was regarded as unsinkable, for she had sixteen watertight compartments. Even if two of these were flooded, she would still be able to float. The tragic sinking of this great liner will always be remembered, for she went down on her first voyage with heavy loss of life.
    Four days after setting out, while the Titanic was sailing across the icy water of the North Atlantic, huge iceberg was suddenly spotted by a lookout. After the alarm had been given, the great ship turned sharply to avoid a direct collision. The Titanic turned just in time, narrowly missing the immense walk of ice which rose over 100 feet out of the water beside her. Suddenly, there was a slight trembling sound from below, and the captain went down to see what had happened. The noise had been so faint that no one though that the ship had been damaged. Below, the captain realized to his horror that the Titanic was sinking rapidly, for five of her sixteen watertight compartments had already been flooded! The order to abandon ship was given and hundreds of people plunged into the icy water. As there were not enough lifeboats for everybody, 1,500 lives were lost.

New words and expressions 生词和短语

     Southampton
n.   南安普敦（英国港市）

     colossal
adj. 庞大的

     watertight
adj. 不漏水的

     compartment
n.  （轮船的）密封舱

     flood
v.   充满水

     float
v.   漂浮，飘浮

     tragic
adj. 悲惨的

     liner
n.   班船

     voyage
n.   航行

     iceberg
n.   冰山

     lookout
n.   了望员

     collision
n.   碰撞

     narrowly
adv. 刚刚，勉强地

     miss
v.   避开

     slight
adj. 轻微的

     tremble
v.   震颤

     faint
adj. 微弱的

     horror
n.   恐惧

     abandon
v.   抛弃

     plunge
v.   投入，跳入

     lifeboat
n.   救生船
